Implicit required_plugin blocks (#10732)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/init.mdx

plugins will be installed in the [Plugin
Directory](/docs/configure#packer-s-plugin-directory).

### Implicit required plugin

Starting from Version `1.8` many plugins will move out from Packer core. This is
part of a set of breaking changes made to decouple Packer releases from a Plugin

> release. To make the transition easier we will tag components of these plugins

Reviewer: easier to make a whole-paragraph suggestion than line by line, so here goes: 

Starting from Version `1.8` many plugins will move out from the Packer core. 
This is part of a set of breaking changes made to decouple Packer releases from 
plugin releases. To make the transition easier, we will tag components of these 
plugins as "moved out". If one of the components of a moved out plugin is used 
in a config file, but there is no mention of that plugin in the 
"required_plugin" block, then Packer init will automatically download and 
install that plugin. Packer will then display a warning and suggest that you
add the plugin to your `required_plugin` block. We recommend you use the 
`required_plugin` block even if you are only using official plugins, because it
allows you to set the plugin version to avoid surprises in the future.

Author: Thanks !

plugins will be installed in the [Plugin
Directory](/docs/configure#packer-s-plugin-directory).

### Implicit required plugin

Starting from Version `1.8` many plugins will move out from Packer core. This is
part of a set of breaking changes made to decouple Packer releases from a Plugin

> release. To make the transition easier we will tag componentes of these plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
release. To make the transition easier we will tag components of these plugins
```

Author: Thanks !

plugins will be installed in the [Plugin
Directory](/docs/configure#packer-s-plugin-directory).

### Implicit plugin requirements

When running `packer init`, if Packer logs a warning that tells you to add a
`packer.required_plugin` block to your config file, this is because this plugin
was moved out of the Packer binary and you should consider using that block.
This is part of a set of breaking changes made to decouple Packer releases from
a Plugin release. These suggestion are manually added each time we move a plugin
out of the Packer core. These should happen only starting from version `2.0` of

> Packer.

Reviewer 2: I thought we were going to add a redirect every time we have a valid release for a plugin we've broken out. With that said, I was expecting the implicitly required plugins to start working to all plugins after 1.8.0.

Author: Because of this code here:

https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/blob/7ccfe38475fcd153571e16382eebf32125ad93b6/hcl2template/types.required_plugins.go#L102-L113

This is not possible as the plugin is already present in core. There's no simple way to say 'ignore-core-plugins', unless we add an option `packer init --ignore-core-plugins .` ?

Reviewer 2: As I understood these are the plugins that are still in the core, including the vendored ones, as docker is currently. But for 1.8.0, are we keeping broken out plugins vendored? I thought we weren't.

Author: Allowing to now pre-load plugins ( with or without the `--ignore-core-plugins` option ) is doable but it would require changing a little bit of the initialisation of Packer plugins that is currently done in `main.go`, to hand it over to command package. I think this would be sort of more idiomatic but take some more time. What do you think @hashicorp/packer ? Should I do that ?

Author: Yes we are keeping them vendored for now. 2.0 is like a major breaking change as we will un-vendor those

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused because the `--ignore-core-plugins` is not really related to what I'm saying/thinking. I'm considering when the plugin is not in the core. I thought we were going to stop vendoring plugins on 1.8.0.

Author: > I'm a bit confused because the --ignore-core-plugins is not really related to what I'm saying/thinking. I'm considering when the plugin is not in the core. I thought we were going to stop vendoring plugins on 1.8.0.

Ah, sorry for the miscommunication, I thought you were suggesting to make it work for 1.8, and was already one step ahead thinking on how to implement that.

Author: ( Moved to slack ) Moss is right, we meant to bring this with 1.8 ! 
```suggestion
out of the Packer core. These should happen only starting from version `1.8` of
Packer.
```
